[ Singing in Japanese ]
♪♪
The bleeding won't stop.
Yukimaru...
is he gonna die?
Don't even think
stuff like that!
No way is he gonna die!
He won't, right?
Uh, yeah...
♪♪
We have to get the bullet
out right now!
What is the nearest
port to us?
That'd be Saint-Malo.
But we'd be on the same route
the navy uses.
It's a little far,
but Chaouen would allow us
to travel on the surface.
We do know a doctor there.
Kaede!
Yes, sir!
Go tell Makaba and Enju
to set course for Chaouen!
Aye, aye!
♪♪
Yukimaru...
[ Panting ]
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
Man: Kei's team didn't get there
in time?
Man #2:
I heard they were wiped out.
Man #3: Every last person
aboard the Hope...
They say Yukimaru
was the only survivor.
Even Lord Franz...
♪♪
Doctor: There's nothing
you can do standing there.
Go home.
Get some rest.
♪♪
How he's doing?
How did you
prevent infection?
Oh, uh...
We used
some tobacco leaves.
That was
a creative solution.
If his injuries had festered,
he would have died.
You may have just
saved his life.
He's out of the woods.
All he needs now
is a bit of time to rest
and regain his strength.
So then Yukimaru is --
He'll make
a full recovery.
Oh, thank goodness!
Awesome!
That's our Yukimaru!
What? You were the one who said
Yukimaru was gonna die!
"Ye of little faith!"
No! You said that!
Hey, knock it off,
you two!
It was Fena.
She was responsible
for saving Yukimaru's life.
[ Groans ]
You're right.
She stayed by him
and kept him safe.
Like his guardian angel.
[ Both grunt ]
Both:
What a relief!
Man, I was so worried!
[ Both laugh ]
I wouldn't be so sure.
-Hmm?
You have it backwards.
It was her...
She forced him
into danger.
How did she force him?
There's no way you can blame
what happened on Fena.
Yeah, they're right.
If those pirates hadn't tried --
Shitan: Isn't the fact that
you're thinking that way
just further proof that
you've fallen under her spell?
Don't be fooled.
She's a witch.
[ Jar clatters, water splashes ]
[ Gasps ]
[ All gasp ]
♪♪
What do you
mean by that?
I'm a...witch?
It's nothing.
Shitan.
Please tell us
what you know.
This seems like a secret
you shouldn't shoulder alone.
♪♪
With Franz's untimely death,
the only clues left
to help us find it
lie within Fena's memories.
But she comes from
a long line of witches.
Witches?
Those who corrupt men
and bring about their downfall.
It was true
of her mother.
I know of a man who was
driven mad by her charms.
What are you asking me
to do then?
Keep watch
over Yukimaru.
If he should ever appear to have
fallen under her spell...
you must kill.
[ Gasps ]
Even if you gave me the order,
Master,
I could never
kill Yukimaru.
I'm aware of that.
But the one you must
strike down...
is not Yukimaru.
It is the witch.
Is that really...
what you think of me?
Shitan.
Shitan, I'm not --
It's the truth.
The others chose you
over the island.
Wait,
that's not fair.
She didn't force us.
And now...
we're all hunted men
because of you.
[ Gasps ]
We spent years laying
a foundation
and building trust
in one another!
Risking our lives!
But then
in just a few short weeks,
you come along and --
Shitan!
What the heck has
gotten into you?
Every single action we made
was a conscious choice.
Not some spell.
So don't blame this
on her!
I'm blaming her, am I?
Yeah!
All you're doing is
displacing your anger
and lashing out at Fena!
Look, Shitan.
If you really
think about it --
[ Gasps ]
10 years ago
and now once again...
he's been hurt...
because of you.
♪♪
[ Seagulls calling ]
[ Wood clacks, body thumps ]
Oh, wow!
You won!
You won again,
Yukimaru!
You're awesome!
Yukimaru.
Yes?
That strike
was well executed.
Thank you very much.
But the swordsmen
on the battlefield
won't be
as weak as this one.
Be sure to take
that lesson to heart.
Right.
You may go rest.
♪♪
How pathetic.
Makaba:
No, not those.
Huh?
Those ones
are the rejects.
They're so stiff,
so it's impossible to control
the direction the arrow will go.
Oh.
So these are the rejects,
then?
Just like me.
Makaba, would you mind
if I tried one out?
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
[ Footsteps approach ]
Hm?
♪♪
How is it --
Makaba's long bow?
Tricky.
They fly a bit wide.
Huh?
The arrows
don't listen to me.
They won't go
where I aim them.
Well, then,
why don't you listen to them?
Huh?
Why not aim your shot
where the arrow wants to go?
Listen to it.
♪♪
Aim where the arrow
wants to go.
Don't let the target
lead you astray.
♪♪
Oh, wow.
I hit it!
You're pretty good
at that.
I haven't mastered it,
but I will.
♪♪
[ Panting ]
Hmm?
What, Brule?
Fena: Good job, Brule!
[ Panting ]
I finally found you!
Fena?
Shitan, I --
Go away.
Listen, the others
filled me in on --
Didn't you hear me?
Go away.
If they told you,
you should know
my orders
are to kill you.
But Shitan...
You would never do that.
You wouldn't.
'Cause you taught me
how to use a bow.
I know very well that
I'm an awful student.
But you took your time
to teach me.
And besides...
I still can't even hit
the broad side of a barn!
Huh?
Oh, you heard me!
I'm still
terrible at this!
Which means if you don't
keep teaching me,
I don't think
I'll ever hit anything!
Now, wait just a minute --
Is that what you want?
If your student is
that incompetent,
then it will just reflect
badly on you!
What are you
babbling about?
What I'm saying is...
is I want to keep
traveling with you.
You and Yukimaru!
Karin and the twins!
Tsubaki and Makaba.
With all of you.
For the rest of...
my life.
Fena...
And furthermore!
If I were a witch,
don't you think I'd use my magic
to make myself
a better archer?
Huh?
I don't fly on a broomstick
or cackle or have a black cat!
Though I do have
a big white dog!
I'm always getting
smacked on the head!
That or I'm getting
tossed in the ocean!
I'm dumb!
Not a morning person!
Not remotely in shape!
I can't use a single weapon
or a crystal ball!
I can't predict the future!
You could search the whole world
from top to bottom
and not find
a single witch like...
me?
Shitan?
What are you doing?
♪♪
[ Laughing ]
Are you...
alright?
[ Sighs ]
You were always whacking her,
Yukimaru.
And now
I think I know why.
Hm.
Alright.
Let's get a move on.
[ Gasps ]
Shitan?
Let's head back.
We'll set out again as soon
as Yukimaru wakes up.
Well, are you coming?
♪♪
[ Groans ]
I can't...
feel my legs.
Fena!
[ Groans ]
[ Brule groans ]
Yukimaru: Fena.
[ Groans ]
Fena.
Hmm.
Fena!
♪♪
[ Smack! ]
Ow!
[ Brule howls ]
[ Groaning ]
Was that
really necessary?!
I thought I had lost my legs
for a second.
I was scared.
Oh, sorry.
Has Shitan
come around yet?
I'm not sure.
But I am hopeful.
So then
where was he yesterday?
Well, the others went back
to the ship,
but Shitan and the doctor
went out to
the entertainment district.
He said he knew a bar
with pretty --
Yeah, he's fine, then.
You think?
You don't need to worry.
But still...
Why were you
on that navy ship?
Oh. Well. that's
a...long story.
I'd like to
hear about it.
If you can.
♪♪
I see.
My world's been turned
upside down.
I haven't been able
to process it.
I'm so sorry.
Why're you sorry?
Before...I acted all upbeat
and carefree with Shitan.
But all that
was only just an act.
I started out thinking
I was just Fena Houtman.
Then I somehow became
Fena of Shangri-La.
After that, I was called
the White Marginal.
And now suddenly people
are calling me
"Princess" or "witch."
I'm left wondering...
who am I, really?
It's possible...
you'll only find
your answers there.
The place I promised Franz
I'd take you to.
Eden.
I want to go there.
But at the same time,
I don't.
I had a thought.
Maybe I could keep on
traveling with you guys
for the rest of my life.
Going around
to various islands
and visiting
unknown places.
We could have fun
every day.
If I did that...
I could stay
who I am right now.
And then, that way,
nothing would have to change.
That's what
you're afraid of?
Moving forward?
I guess I might be.
I'm sorry.
I'm not helpful.
Don't apologize.
Wherever you want to go,
I'll go with you.
Wherever you stop,
I'll stop too.
Like the birds on the island.
When I was little...
my father told me
a great man once said,
"In this fleeting life,
there are two moments of joy
above all others.
When we are born into this world
and take our first breath.
And when we learn what we were
put on this earth to do."
I don't know what
you'll find there.
But I think the answers you seek
will be in Eden.
To questions like
who you are.
Also...
as to why you and I met.
I will keep you safe.
Until my last breath.
Yukimaru...
To make sure that you are never
put in danger again...
I'll strive to become
even stronger.
Fena.
Let's go together.
[ Groans ]
Yukimaru!
Are you okay?
Does something hurt?
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
Y-Yukimaru?
What's the matter?
Fena.
Yes?
Whatever happens...
I swear
to always protect you.
My hand...
will never again...
let go of yours.
♪♪
It's gotten chilly.
Let's go.
♪♪
Guhh...
[ Groaning ]
♪♪
Helena.
We shall meet again soon.
Very soon.
♪♪
[ Singing in Japanese ]